[Autogenerated] Now that we've created the account,
the next thing I want to show you how to do is to
actually use that quick labs account.
So I'm gonna walk you through a demo of using quick Labs and show you a
couple of examples and then show you various options on how you can buy
credits versus buying a subscription.
Now that we've created our new quick labs account ID like to
briefly talk to you about the interface and show you some
various options that you have in here,
what you're gonna notice from this home page after your account is created,
it's gonna mention that your credentials work for Google
Cloud and for Amazon Web Services.
So quick Labs actually has labs for both Google and for AWS.
We're gonna focus on AWS for this video.
So what we need to do is we need to go over here to the catalog page,
a select catalog, and it's gonna bring me to a bunch of options.
You can see it shows me there's 429 items in the catalog and you
can see over on the right side of the page.
There's a filter option.
Well, right now, we're seeing mostly Google.
So let's go over to the filter option.
Change our cloud environment to Amazon Web Services.
So like that it'll refresh the page, and now it's going to show me AWS.
And now you can see there are 100 and 10 results,
so there's still quite a few activities for AWS.
You'll also see that there's various formats so that we have hands on labs,
which we will look at and there's quest,
Quest or like a combination of labs that you do.
You go through the process, and as you complete all of the labs,
you get like a badge for completing them all.
And Questar,
where you're ultimately gonna go when you prepare to do certification.
I'm gonna leave it on this for now.
I'll actually put it on quest.
Let me put it on Quest and you can see under quests.
This is going to show you.
There's 18 results for quests and I'll scroll through the list.
There's various options in here, but what I want to draw your attention to,
it's gonna be on the second page.
You can see that there are quests for exams.
You can see there's the sys op administrator associate exam,
but we're interested in the solutions Architect associate exam.
If I click on this quest, it's gonna tell me about the objectives for the quest,
and it's going to give me an option to enroll in the quest.
Also,
you can look at the outline and it's going to show you this
quest is going to consist of a series of labs.
There's gonna be a lab on I am.
There's gonna be a lab on elastic load balancer.
There will be a lab on elastic block store,
and a lab and C two on cloud front on VPC with CloudFormation
and then building your own VPC from scratch.
These are the exercises that you're gonna want to do to
build your learning model and make sure that you really
understand the key concepts in AWS.
So if I were prepared to do this, I could click and rolling Quest.
I'm not going to do this right now.
I'm gonna show you something else.
When you decide on a lab that you want to do,
let's say I want to do the VPC lab,
so I click on it and it's going to tell me these various options about the lab.
You can see right now it's down further at the bottom.
So let me click on the lab Overview Page takes me to the top,
gives me an overview of what the labs about,
and then you can see their tasks for each part of the lab.
Now,
the great thing about this lab overview page or this lab in general is
that you can read this before you actually start the lab.
Because the thing is, once you start the lab,
you can see there's a timer over there says 100 an hour,
I guess in 25 minutes.
So you're gonna have an hour and 25 minutes to
complete this lab once you started.
So it's better to read through the topics in the exam and the various tasks
so that you know exactly what you're supposed to be doing.
When you go through the lab,
it's gonna tell you what you will be doing in this lab.
And all the labs are very similar to this.
You go through when you're ready to start the lab.
After you reviewed everything and you feel comfortable with it.
You click the start lab button and then that will start the timer.
And then the lab will come online.
And you can also see these options over here to the
left under connection details.
Once the lab is running,
it's going to use CloudFormation to deploy some resource is that
you get to use and it'll give you an endpoint.
It will provide you with private key information,
public information, user accounts.
All of that will be provided by the lab itself.
You remember you are not using your own AWS account for this.
You are using quick labs is environment,
so you're not going to incur any costs for that?
So what about this eight credits?
Well, you can see this is not a free lab because it says it cost eight credits.
I'm gonna come back over here and I'm gonna go to my
account at the top click on this icon,
and I'm going to click on my account right now.
You can see I have zero credits in my account.
Thanks to me to my profile,
I can click on my credentials and or credits and subscriptions Come in here.
You can see right now I have zero credits.
There's an option here.
If you have credit, you can share them with your friends,
and then there's options to buy credits or subscriptions.
So if I click on by credits, it's gonna tell you.
Labs typically costs from 0 to 15 credits,
and you have to purchase a minimum of five credits.
The key thing you want to pay attention to here is
these credits expire after six months, so that would not be a good thing.
You know, you buy a bunch of credits and then you don't use them,
so keep that in mind.
So that particular lab that I showed you cost eight credits.
So basically a dollar a credit at that level.
Now, as you buy in bulk, the price goes down on the credits.
You say you start getting a discount is you buy more,
but obviously it gets very expensive.
Now, as I mentioned previously, I don't recommend buying credits.
It's expensive, and the problem with credits, they're they're gone.
Once you use them, say I would have done that VPC lab for eight credits.
I can't go back and redo that lab ID.
Have to pay $8 again to do that lab so that's not ideal.
The best option is this subscription option, and there's two options.
There's a monthly subscription at $55 a month,
and then there's an annual subscription for about $500 a month to get a little
bit of a discount for paying for an annual subscription,
I again would not recommend buying an annual subscription.
This is not something you're gonna be using every day.
This is something you're gonna use when you want to test your mental model.
You've gone through all the Pluralsight training
you've read through the documentation.
You've built up your AWS knowledge.
Now you're ready to start looking at the test.
So go do that quest for certified solutions architect associate,
but subscribe for a month, maybe the you know,
two months before you're ready to take the exam,
go through, do the subscription for a month.
Go do that lab as many times as you want,
because that's the great thing about the subscription.
You're not on a credit system anymore.
You get unlimited credits for that month so I could do
that lab 50 times if I wanted to.
It's a great way to be able to go through the process after
looking at the VPC lab that I showed you after showing you how
you can buy credits and subscriptions,
I think you have an idea of how this works.
Also showing you the catalog and how you can browse the catalog.
Let's say I didn't wanna look at Quest.
I would just want to look for a specific lab.
So I click on catalog.
I'll go back over here.
I've got to change it back to AWS.
And unfortunately,
there's no setting that I can set for a favorite or something
here to to remember all of my filter settings.
I can click this to add to favorites.
So if there's a lab, a quest that I like or a lab that I like,
I can click the little heart and it'll add it to my favorites.
But let me instead of going to quest,
let's go to hands on labs and you can see there are 92
labs that are available for you to do so.
There's quite a bit of options here,
and you see those things from red shift to Dynamodb.
You see Blue green deployments with elastic beanstalk,
you know, doing these things in your own environment.
There's a lot of things you have to set up, and it can be complicated.
The great thing about quick labs is you have a lab God,
and you have a very detailed set of instructions that are
going to walk you through the process, step by step. So, as I've said before, a highly recommend quick laps to solidify your learning.